and we're back yes I'm trying to think
of what I'm going to do for this aww
Rocket Raccoon all right you see you
told me about rat Rocket Raccoon I don't
know why I got my hopes up from the
little thing from rocket knight
adventures I missed that possum oh yeah
this was this is an experimental team I
was focusing well yeah let's see how
well I do with this team Phoenix Wright
he was one of my heavy hitters i just
got a phoenix rights for advanced
players I'm not gonna lie it's like you
really do have to learn stuff with him
that'd be epic I think he and like Shiho
get into like a lawyer throwdown yeah
damn it
Oh God do it am I just I'm just whooping
up on what's his name of iron fist with
a freakin plunger I am Mario bitch Oh
God your body more worse than Captain
America I'll say that oh haha slapstick
get a missile I got this yeah like if
you have to excuse my new bliss I don't
know what I was doing Phoenix rides
what the hell Alex why are you wearing a
Pikachu sir alex is wearing a pikachu
shirt hey it's done Jeep I mean wait hey
Zangief was a copy of hagar 1989 final
fight
Oh God goodbye oh you win in Louisville
sorry no God no no we're not going so
badly nasty don't stop me now all right
they remember one to the next video